add Cody Pro SLA (#93)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/sla/index.mdx

>NOTE: Premium support with enhanced SLAs can be added to your Enterprise plans as an add-on. Our business hours, defined as Sunday 2 PM PST to Friday 5 PM PST, align with our 24x5 support coverage.

### For Cody Pro plans

> | Severity level |                                                                     Description                                                                      |                    Response time                    | Support availability |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Severity level** |                                                                     **Description**                                                                      |                    **Response time**                    | **Support availability** |
```

| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |

> | 0              | Emergency: Total loss of service or security-related issue                                                                           | Within one business day of identifying the issue | 8am to 5pm PST (Monday-Friday) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0              | Emergency: Total loss of service or security-related issue                                                                           | Within one business day of identifying the issue | 8 AM to 5 PM PST (Monday-Friday) |
```

> | 0              | Emergency: Total loss of service or security-related issue                                                                           | Within one business day of identifying the issue | 8am to 5pm PST (Monday-Friday) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0              | Emergency: Total loss of service or security-related issue                                                                           | Within one business day of identifying the issue | 8 AM to 5 PM PST (Monday-Friday) |
```

> | 1              | Severe impact: Billing issues, login issues, refunds | Within one business day of identifying the issue  |8am to 5pm PST (Monday-Friday) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1              | Severe impact: Billing issues, login issues, refunds | Within one business day of identifying the issue  |8 AM to 5 PM PST (Monday-Friday) |
```

Reviewer 2: Let's remove "refunds" from this, we don't offer refunds. We can offer free months of Cody Pro but I don't think we should publicly make that known.

> | 2              | Medium impact: Core features are unavailable or somewhat slowed; workaround exists                                                                   | Within two business days of identifying the issue   | 8am to 5pm PST (Monday-Friday) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2              | Medium impact: Core features are unavailable or somewhat slowed; workaround exists                                                                   | Within two business days of identifying the issue   | 8 AM to 5 PM PST (Monday-Friday) |
```

> | 3              | Minimal impact: Questions or clarifications regarding features, documentation, or deployments                                                        | Within three business days of identifying the issue | 8am to 5pm PST (Monday-Friday) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3              | Minimal impact: Questions or clarifications regarding features, documentation, or deployments                                                        | Within three business days of identifying the issue | 8 AM to 5 PM PST (Monday-Friday) |
```

> >NOTE: Cody Free users are not eligible for email Support but can get assistance through our Community Discord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="note">Cody Free users are not eligible for email Support but can get assistance through our Community Discord.</Callout>
```
